hey guys this is a tutorial how to
dominate in grand theft auto 4 by should
or Die films sov films doesn't guarantee
for succeeds but with enough training
you can get a pro first you have to
choose your crosshair when you choose a
complex crusher you are able to see when
an enemy is in range for your weapon but
maybe you can play better with the other
because you can aim better for after i'm
aiming over a long range you must know
when you can't give nor me look at the
crusher one that shows the health of
your enemy he is arranged for your
weapon just finger bones you have a
mouth precision the ak-47 has a shorter
range then began farlin don't block
while shooting because your bullets can
fly everywhere crouching can make your
job more accurate when someone stands
behind you you must watch match and
deming and kill you if your enemy knows
this technique you can crouch to
overtake your enemy but it's a little
bit harder to do for shizzle my nizzle
for the next technique you must have the
external field you can't change it on
you wayne and press back now the
technique you must go behind the wall
and aim decide the head of your enemy
now we must go on step to the side and
shoot to kill your enemy fast don't lean
against loss you will see why that's no
cheating that's JTA form
now the most difficult technique should
helicopter class session without their
helicopters every foe flies in circles
use an assault rifle to sherman amount
don't zoom in because you are able to
Lane the helicopter all the time don't
be frustrated when it doesn't work you
have to practice a lot
yeah I fucking love it when you have a
rocket launcher you must shoot in the
flight path of the pilot if when he
doesn't explode immediately you can be
very sure that you will explode in a few
cents
that was the first part of the tutorial
how to dominate in Grand Theft Auto for
cleaner rate and subscribe part 2 will
come soon